---
title   : "2026 New Racer School Dates Announced"
date    : "2026-02-06"
draft   : false
description: "Register for the 2026 WMRRA new racer school"
params: 
  featureUntil: "2026-03-07"
---


Washington Motorcycle Road Racing Association (WMRRA) has a dedicated racing class and support staff dedicated to helping get new racers onto the racetrack for their very first “timed” racing event, with no previous racing experience required. Our goal is to support interested riders and train them on the basics of motorcycle race-craft and to help facilitate their assimilation into club-racing here in the pacific northwest. With over 50 years of racing, WMRRA is the premier racing club association!

New members wishing to race with WMRRA will have to complete 2 components of Novice Racer School (NRS) in order to receive a Novice Race License and be eligible to enter into their first novice race. Those 2 components are:
1) NRS “In-class Training” 
2) NRS “On-track Training”

---

The first portion (In-Class Training) of the NRS Will be held on: 
* Date: Saturday, March 7, 2026
* Location: Cascade Tire & Racing Services, 
[31216 144th Ave SE Unit 120, Kent, WA 98042](https://maps.app.goo.gl/34F4NXrZVLpimAEE9)

This event is FREE - all are welcome and encouraged to learn about racing in the PNW and with WMRRA, but you must register.
* _Registration link coming soon!_

The in-class Training portion of the NRS will cover:
* All pertinent information about WMRRA, our organization and resources
* Requirements for new racers to complete
* Introduction to Motorcycle Race-Craft following the [Ken Hill Rubric](https://substack.com/@kenhill)
* WMRRA rules, flags and regulations regarding personal safety gear, Motorcycle Tech inspection requirements
* Novice race class information, and an overview of the day to day schedule 
* Relative cost information to start racing (or to get into racing)

---

The second portion (On-Tack Training) of the NRS will be held on:
* Date: Friday, April 17, 2026  
* Location: [Ridge Motorsports Park](https://www.ridgemotorsportspark.com/) in Shelton WA 
* Hosted by our Novice Class Sponsor, 2Fast Motorcycle Track Days

This event has a financial commitment.  Registration is not yet available, and will be offered via https://ride.2-fast.org/ (once 2Fast has Published the date).

The On-Track Training portion is structured like a typical motorcycle track day experience with a special dedicated session for all WMRRA NRS Applicants.  The Fee covers a full day of on track riding experience as well as classroom instruction. 20 minutes of on track riding (during the NRS exclusive session) and 30 minutes of in class instruction EVERY HOUR from 9AM to 5PM.

This event will help to teach you:
*	Track Safety
*	Motorcycle race-craft 
*	Race starts and gridding up 
*	Passing other riders and controlled race lines
*	Practice starts with an on-track simulated race! 

---

For questions regarding the novice program please contact Damon Poor at [novicerep@wmrra.com](mailto:novicerep@wmrra.com) for all inquiries.
